 Moto X
 the moto x 1 2 3 4 5 was 3not designed like ! . ! others. it was all about a decent phone with excellent performance over countless meaningless sub standard features. coming to the processor. yes it has a dual core processor but that's not where the story ends. 1 it has a 2 core snapdragon s4 cpu for general usage of the phone 2 it has a 4 core adreno 320 gpu for performance gaming etc 3 it has 1 core for dedicated contextual computing and gesture recognition making it more fluid 4 it has 1 core especially for natural language processing making it more likely to understand any form of speech input that's a total of 8 cores all managed by motorola x8 computing system. a dedicated core for each of the specific function means an enhanced battery life and optimization of usage. so in reality it's octa-core but since you don't need all of them running together at all times their functions have been segregated. another complaint made by people is about active display. yes you can grab an app for that but here's what you should know. moto x uses amoled display which unlike ips display does not use the entire screen while using active display. so if you use active display on ips lcd it will drain your battery. on moto x it only uses the part that's enough for showing notifications and thus you won't be running to charge it every few hours. in my opinion motorola is giving a phone that boasts of performance and near vanilla android experience instead of adding stuff that doesn't matter. also 720p was deliberate to further enhance performance and improve battery life and you'll hardly notice any difference 
 most of the good things about the phone have been covered, so i wont dwell into those. i am one of the unfortunate ones. here is my experience. the phone which flipkart shipped to be wasn't exactly brand new. it was a return unit of someone else, the side and back were dirty. before i could get it replaced, the following happened. i dropped in from a height of about 1. 5-2. 0 feet (with a case) and the screen shattered. this made me read more about the display. it was then when i came to know that its a known problem with moto x, it has an extremely fragile glass. the net is filled with complaints. motorola is well aware of this problem, and in the us provides customers with a free replacement of display if broken. keep in mind that this scheme offer wasn't introduced at the time the phone launch in us. it was much later when motorola started receiving complaints about it. i contacted motorola, and as expected, this free replacement scheme is not offered in india. i asked for repair, and i was informed the bill would be close to rs 12,0. here is my take on the complete situation. motorola makes phones with fragile displays. motorola knows this, and provides free replacement for broken lcd in usa. but india and indians are left out. why? dont we deserve the same kind of service? for a second lets give motorola the benefit of doubt and say there is nothing wrong with the display and it was my sheer carelessness because of which it cracked (and the carelessness of countless other people). fine fault accepted. but a replacement display for rs 12,0 which is half the cost of the phone? that is outright crazy and ridiculous. so my motorola adventure has come to a premature end, and i have no reason to continue with it. 
 i ordered this phone a month ago. no doubt, its one of the best smartphones in the market right now. but flipkart delivered me a defected piece. the camera of my phone has black linings and it is also captured in images. i asked for replacement and flipkart rejected my request without even contacting me. camera is an important part of smartphone hence, i am feeling that i have wasted my 240 rs. i have decided that i will never buy anything from flipkart and will never recommend it to anyone. one of the worst services ever. 
 this phone has features that no other phone has. active display this feature is so addictive that i am not buying any other phone that does not have active display. it is this significant. just lift the phone, or take it out of your pocket and the screen shows all the information you need in a battery efficient way without you having to press the power button. . touchless control give commands to your phone without turning the screen on. while going to bed, and my phone is lying somewhere else in the room, i just say "ok google now, wake me up at 7 am" and that's it. no need to touch the phone. also just say "ok google now, what's up" and the phone will say the time and read your notifications :) note : this feature requires internet connectivity. flick wrist to launch camera this is not a gimmick and works everytime. need i say more. you can say this can be achieved by other apps but the key here is achieving this without sacrificing battery life. motorola spotlight stories moto has teamed up with pixar animation studios and produced wonderful animated stories. nothing to add to the features of the phone but it is something that will make you smile, and everyone else will just look in awe and surprise. this phone has android 4. 4. 2 and timely updates. this phone received android 4. 4 even before the nexus 4. and to everyone comparing the hardware with the nexus 5, just use the phone once. the phone has zero lag and the size is perfect too. the 720p screen is just enough at 4. 7" screens. the key here is that motorola made a custom 8 core hardware for this phone. 2 core application processor, 4 core gpu, 1 core natural language processing and 1 core for contextual computing. the battery life is exactly as advertised and i am happily using it since last 3 months. (got mine from the us, i have the 32 gb version. ) cons : the sound output from the speaker is not very loud. but again, it is not very low too. also no fm radio, if you care about that. edit: i saw a few reviews where the reviewer is giving 1 star and complaining that it is overpriced. that is really a lame thing to do. the cost of the phone is 400 usd for 16 gb version in the us. that is 24460 inr according to the exchange rate today (19th march 2014). how is this phone overpriced? this is the first time a phone is sold at a price even below than the original price in the usa. compare the nexus 4 and nexus 5 prices in india and in the usa. also few reviewers complain about the "1. 7 ghz dual core processor". on paper better specs do not make a better phone. use the phone once and you will know. 
 this review is to explain the performance comparison between moto x and moto g and return on investment if you buy them. i am an owner of sony xperia sp which has same processor as moto x : qualcomm snapdragon s4 pro (1. 7 ghz dual core krait with adreno 320 gpu). the fact is that this processor is very fast. if you go by benchmarks my xperia sp scores around 8200 in quadrant and 210 in antutu which will be almost same in moto x too if not better. moto x has more ram (2 gb) than xperia sp which has 1 gb, so definitely it will perform better. but if you want to compare it's performance with moto g, the quad cortex a7 cpu in moto g from qualcomm will give almost same cpu performance (little bit less) which means each cortex a7 is half as powerful as a krait at 1. 7ghz. but if you compare gpu with moto g which has adreno 305, moto x will have a decent win with adreno 320. so if performance in games is not a big factor, then moto g isn't a bad option, given that it costs 10k less. if you are going to use whatsapp, normal games, calling, definitely moto g is the best option out there. next comes screen. both have 720p screens. 4. 5 inch in moto g and 4. 7 inch in moto x. moto x's screen will be little better definitely. the size doesn't makes a big difference. both are decent sized. my xperia sp is 4. 6 inch 720p and it is very comfortable to hold and very sharp. (~320 ppi, as good as iphone 5s). the main differentiating point would be a camera and some voice awake features. the camera on moto x will be definitely better than moto g, but is it worth the extra 10k?, you decide. i don't think so. you can buy a decent point-and-shoot in that price. i really like the wooden texture moto x devices, but they increase the price by another 2k, it is a personal choice if you want to go for it. so if you are a complete geek user and performance matters a lot to you, be aware moto x is not the best performing device out there. then you should better look at nexus 5, xperia z1, etc which are actually top-of the line. if you are a mid-range user who will use normal apps, normal games, then deciding between moto g and moto x can be a big problem for you. moto x will definitely give you a better feeling as owner, but it comes wit a price (10k more than moto g). to help you out, think this way: if you think better camera and some extra features like voice awake, active display and a little more snappier cpu performance are not worth the extra 10k than moto g's price, then definitely go with moto g. it will save you a lot of money and give decent performance. if you want a decent camera phone, much better gpu performance and the high end status associated with moto x, go with moto x by paying the money. some other features: moto g is dual sim, moto x is single sim. it shouldn't matter much. i hope it helps. 
 my love for moto didn't last long though it had been the wonderful companion for a short time before it was dropped. good thing first - no doubt that moto (x g) offers best features and performance in that price segment. i purchased one moto g and going by its performance bought two moto x pieces one for my brother and one for myself. all is well for 50 days till my moto x fell from a height of ~1 meter. single crack was observed on the screen initially, but touch screen was non responsive, the speaker did not work and in couple of days it was dead completely. there are two service centers in hyderabad and the cost of repair quoted by them was rs. 14,500 - inclusive of service charge and taxes. the reason for this high cost of repair is due to the "poor" design that integrates the glass, display, the touch screen and other hardware*. i need to justify the poor design and too delicate comments. the following is the reasoning. 1. delicate: i use samsung note 2 and i've seen iphone and htc phones used by my friends. the rugged looks would tell how casual one can be at handling these phones. note 2 that i use still had number of falls before one day it had cracks on the screen. moto x was dropped once and that is the last moment of life in it. 2. high cost of repair: only glass was broken in my note 2 which could be replaced easily at very minor cost of rs. 10 - by many service centers across hyderabad. one call to just dial will give an idea how easy and still valid is that option. but i went for the total display replacement to avoid risk and it costed rs. 70 -. i just walked into the samsung service center in ameerpet on a saturday afternoon and the display kit was replaced in an hour. compare it with 2 weeks of waiting time with 2 authorized service centers and the cost rs. 14,500 - for moto x. high cost is due to the integrated design where you have no pieces that are assembled but the whole assembly that needs to be replaced. i understand from the technician in the moto authorized service center that the camera and the battery can be continued and the rest needs to be replaced. a terrific piece when it works but once it falls the chances of survival are rare. once the touchscreen is damaged there is no recovery as it is not practical to invest rs. 14,500 - towards the repair where as the new piece costs you rs. 23,9 -(60. 41% of the new piece cost). 
 pros:. active display: (very very usefully feature. now i can get a sneak peak of messages from whatsapp,fb,gmail, default msging app etc ). touchless control: not very responsive because of india accent, i think but very useful feature and makes your phone stand out from other android phones. . motorola assist. otg [yes! moto x has otg feature and i have tested it myself. now you need to worry about 16g(11 gb available) memory limit]. also you might have read that kitkat upgrade killed this feature however 4. 2. 2 version has resolved this issue. 10mp camera (people are complaining about it however i do not find it bad either. it has very good features to improve picture taken. good low light pictures. battery backup - one day battery backup under average usage. i charge it every night. . very fast charging - 5% to 100% in just 2 hours or less. also charger supplied has two usb ports. speaker quality is very good and loud. voice quality over call is also very very good. rest depends on your network area. 10) very good screen size - neither too big nor too small, just perfect. can easily be operated by one hand. not too wide. 11) amoled display. no pixelation of icons. 12) very good software and hardware blend. a) dual core processor. i know you must be thinking that even moto g has quad core then why motorola did not put same in his upper segment phone. so, my suggestion to you is that performance does come with numbers like quad, octa it comes with synchronization between hardware and software for eg. iphones (all dual core), lumia (all dual core except some recent once 1520 etc). so remove this point form your mind b) except dual core processor its has quad core gpu c) two dedicated processors for contextual and language processing. d) 2gb ram (it matters a lot. ). 13) 4g ready (yes, its true) 14) nfc 15) 50gb google drive storage (i thinks its free for two years) 16) i do not remember rest of the features. oops :) cons (not for me):. nano sim card: do not try to become hero to trim down your sim. instead of it call your network provider and ask for a nano sim. i ordered mine from vodafone through courier for rs. 25 - only. handsfree - average quality (was not an issue for me. ). no fm - who cares. might be future updates will have this. must do after purchasing (i am not forcing):. do purchase a mobile cover screen guard which must covers screen. . do buy an otg cable. it will cost somewhere around 50 - 100 bucks. do install es file explorer if you want to access flash drive attached to your device using otg cable. buy a good quality handsfree headphone. ok google now :: conclude it here :) 
 features i looked for in a smartphone:-. pocketable like iphones, but not that expensive as iphones. as big a screen as possible in a given form factor size. latest mobile os iteration, in this case kitkat, so that i can use the latest useful apps from play store. decent performance from h w perspective, it does not have to be top performer. value for money. why to pay so much for something that you would want to change in every 2 3 years!! it does not make sense to spend your(daddy's) hard earned money for nothing but brand, and or some gimmick features. i was planning to by "xperia z1 compact", but i got hold back on the decision because of the alleged "flash bleeding" issue. then, moto x comes, i placed my order right away on the first day(19th march), received it on 20th. unboxed, setup my google account and stuff like that, over wifi. updated all the pre-installed apps. installed a few more apps such as feedly, angry birds et al. all set in a couple of hours. believe me, it is that easy over wifi. i then have my sim card cut trimmed, to fit in the nano-sim tray, for which i paid another 30 bucks. today is the 4th day, after i got my moto x. = things i like about moto x:-. the relatively big screen 4. 7inch in a small form factor 129. 3 x 65. 3 x 10. 4mm compared to z1 compact's 4. 3inch in 127 x 64. 9 x 9. 5mm. facts be told, it does not feel that much bigger than iphone 5 5s when you hold it in your hand. android 4. 4. 2(kitkat) feels really smooth, i have not experience any lagging so far, motorola x8 chips does its job well. unlike many other android phones, there are no or less unwanted(or never to be used) apps pre-installed, which saves us a lot of internal memory. the touch-less control is awesome, it works as advertised, but you should know that you have to be on at least 3g connection, on 2g it will keep failing to reach google. things i don't like:-. i have not been able to successfully use the "android device manager" feature, which apparently allows us to remotely wipe personal data in-case the device is lost stolen. anyway, this is more of a problem with google android itself, not moto x. "motorola device policy" which is a security feature from motorola, and basically is the same thing as "android device manger" does not work either,for which i have raised a customer complaints from "https: motorola-mobility-en-in. custhelp. com" i am hoping to get this thing resolved soon. i was kinda expecting, "made in usa", but instead it has "made in china" which was a little bit disappointing, but then i think harder, if it were to be imported from usa, the same device will cost at least a a few thousand more and we will keep complaining the high price again. anyway, china is just the place where it is assembled, all the software hardware designs are done by motorola anyway. it is like "mc donald's recipe in usa can also be applied in a restaurant in india as well" i want to give 4. 5 5 star, but flipkart doesn't give that option. hence i am giving 4 stars rating for this "little but big device" for now. review feedback from a genuine user buyer is always useful for the those other potential buyers, that's why i spent sometime to write this. i will keep posting my experience with the device in the coming weeks. purchased price: rs. 239 -(cod) bangalore 
 i have used this phone for two months. this phone is about balance. doing away with gimmicks that you don't need. and using the available resources to the optimum to provide you the experience that matters to you. there are always compromises you have to make with price, size, features, performance, battery life. this one strikes the right balance in most cases. pros: - solid premium build not plasticky like samsung or other phones. optimum size - nice display active notifications, touchless controls, moto assist(especially drive mode) - fast performance bare bones android, - battery life (24 hours), - really nice soft touch back plate and colors, - fast kitkat updates, - awarded most innovative phone of 2013 cons: - no sd card slot 32 gb variant (but most users dont require that kind of memory) - camera is good but not the best things to keep in mind: - mid range specs don't matter. the software is optimized. do you ask about specs while buying an iphone? they actually save battery life - 720p screen - human eye cannot detect the difference. it saves battery. features in detail- battery life i am not a heavy user. but definitely use it for more than a couple of hours of web, one hour of whats app, and an hour maybe of calls. but still lasts me more than 24 hours. body built: i have a navy blue model. the back is just nice and soft to touch. its just unlike anything else. it has almost a ceramic like touch. the size of this phone is the sweet spot manufacturers have been trying to hit since the beginning. the curved body fits in your hand like no other phone. its thicker but feels very slim because of the curve. and you can still use it with one hand. the feel is of one really solid and dense well built phone. and look out for that dimple on the back. in comparison samsung feels cheap and plasticky. software features:. active display : you pick up the phone or move it, and it shows you the notifications in a very energy efficient manner. notifications pulse through the screen. i have gotten so used to it, that i stare at the lifeless screens of other phones waiting for them to come to life, only to realize that they can't do it. it really useful and a week later you will think why don't other phones have it. well thats because they are not that innovative. moto assist : one day i was driving back from work and suddenly my phone spoke up. " you have have received a new message would you like me to read it" i said yes and it read me the message. also it asked me if i wanted to reply back. i said yes and it replied back to the person. and all without ever touching it or taking my eyes off the road. it also asks you the same for calls. also it starts playing songs form your phone once you start driving. and of course it detects whether you are driving on its own. touchless control : what siri should have been in the first place. i misplaced my phone in the room once. i yelled "ok google now, find my phone" the phone started beeping and i found it below the couch. it really is marvelous. it works. you can even play songs while driving using this feature. or ask about the weather. or send a text message. or just ask what's up and it will tell you all your notifications. moto migrate it helps you migrate from your old android. it really is simple. and easy way to migrate everything including your songs to your new phone. hardware: the 1. 7 dual core processor is just the main processor. there are 3 other processors here. 1. contextual processor : it keeps track of your phone's movements. 2. language processor : it keeps listening to you always. always. 3. the gpu : processes graphics this is done so that the main processor can focus on its job and these functions can be performed while using minimum battery. this is a highly innovative design which no other manufacturer has. screen: really good battery saving screen. colors are very vivid yet accurate. overall moto x is really worth the price. don't get misguided by specs. this phone has to be experienced to know its true nature. i have seen many iphone fans convert after seeing this. 
 by now you'd already know about the hardware and software. this is the best phone for user experience on android. the problem is you have to own it to feel it. i will just give heads up while choosing colors of the back cover. it has more to it than just colors. the dark colors like black and royal blue back cover has an soft rubbery feel, so has better grip and won't slip easily. while the rest of the colors have smooth feel back cover which are slippery. this was intentional since the soft touch back cover attracts dust and dirt and are not suitable for light color as it will get dirty after a while. i didn't go for the wood version only for design reasons. all the regular versions back cover are of single piece plastic and blends well with the front, while the wood version are made of 2 pieces, first is the plastic frame and then second the wood itself. so, when you hold it you will feel that gap in between the wood and plastic frame. also was not sure about the durability. none of these would matter if you get a case, the question is do you want to?. i don't like to have a case so i went for the black version. this is the kind of phone which makes you feel good after using it rather than before using it like the spec heavy phones. and it is priced perfectly too. good job there by flipkart since they import the phones and decide on the prices. this is the best phone in this range, or even the best phone at < 40k range. if its within your budget, "buy it and say hello to moto". 
 i received my moto x today. flipkart amazing job on delivery. i got it within 36 hours which is awesome! ordered on march 26 at 2:30 am and received it today on march 28th, 2014 at 11:30am. my first impressions, i got the white version of the moto x cause i was tired of the black versions. i would have loved to have the royal blue version of this phone, but my impatience got the better of me. coming to the phone, it is fantastic to hold, perfect ergonomics, and really nice texture on the back. the smooth finish is what your fingers would love when you hold the phone. call quality is fantastic. in fact, in some calls that i took this afternoon, i had to reduce the speaker volume manually (yes that loud!) i am not a pixel picker so cant really compare screens with other major droids in the market, but as a heavy user (i use facebook and whatsapp all day long and also listen to 1 or 2 hours of music and play some games on my phone). the screen i. e. the 720p amoled display is perfect! it uses less power and keeps the phone going for longer. i am yet to test the battery completely but i have not charged the phone since i received it and it was at 30% odd charge when i unboxed it and set it up. but it went on for a good 3 hours before it game me the battery low signal. the touchless control is fantastic to use (my colleagues are like super impressed) with the touchless control calling feature. works like a charm every single time. i used it to do a couple of google searches, launch applications, send texts, and and call my wife. worked smooth as silk. the initial set up of touchless control takes some time cause you really need to be in a quiet room (really quiet. ) i tried to set it up once in my cabin with nothing but the ac on and it wouldnt let me. eventually, i switched off the ac and it worked just fine. just shows how sensitive the microphone is and really perceptive. you have 3 microphones on this beast! the camera - common guys there aint much to complain about. its not bad at all. pictures come out just fine (you wont go oh my god what a snap!) but they are absolutely cool. i have seen a lot of people complaining about the camera but it aint all that bad. the sound quality is fantastic and the phone is loud! get this phone now. really nice buy for the price. 
 let me come straight down to review without any ado: performance: the motorola x8 mobile computing system does the job pretty well. long story short. its as good as nexus 5, no lag no glitch, nothing at all. absolutely amazing performance. gpu: it does an amazing job, graphics rendering is just great and this can handle huge resource hogging game with no sweat! ergonomics: unlike many phones out there, this device is just a pleasure to hold. the back contour is absolutely amazing, gives a perfect grip while placing calls or while playing games. the concave moto logo feels amazing to touch and it kinda gives the reference point while holding the device. camera: the camera does an amazing job after the recent updates. in head on comparison with nexus 5, it was a neck to neck battle, where specially in the low light scenario moto x was able to beat nexus with good margin. if you expect a dslr like quality then you are just being stupid. phones aren't that capable (exception being lumia pure view and sony z series, but then you also have to pay the huge price difference), so i'm happy with what i got. front facing camera is an absolute bliss. the 2mp sensor gives better images than my last xperia's primary camera, no shit! display: the display of is device is really good. colors are sharp and vivid, much better than the ips displays out there, but then that's the quality of amoled screen. the active display is genuinely amazing. there is one trick, if you just wave your hand over you phone, the device will wake up to show your notifications. i personally love to flaunt this feature :) touchless control: this is the most amazing part of the phone! you kept your phone at a place and you can't remember. just say ok google now, find my phone: it quickly starts beeping and you can find it really easy! this feature is absolutely amazing. you can check the videos for total roundup on all the amazing voice input this phone responds to. battery: lasts a day if you don't overuse. you might want to turn off extra sensors while not in use like precision location service and google auto photo backup. battery is not very impressive but then no phone in this bracket is giving that with such specs. considering the features of the phone i'd any day give up on battery (buy a cheap power bank ;) ) sound quality: being a musician and an audiophile, i was really skeptical on giving up my sony sound beast, cause i didn't find anything like such in the market before. this device gave satisfactory performance at first, with not much control over the sound through the factory sound enhancement. then i installed poweramp full version, and then it was like whoa! it gave great improvement. precisely like sony, with a little better output. still not an audiophile quality though but i won't complain as those devices cost more than the phone itself! you might want to change the in box headsets with a good quality headphones, if you do, you'll be amazed by the sound difference. connectivity works perfect, 3g, nfc, etc (yet to check 4g) android: near aosp android experience. out of box 4. 4. 2. great to use, preloaded apps are actually helpful rather than just being much hated useless bloatware. value for money? -yes! best in the price bracket? -beats some phones way above its bracket. recommends? absolutely! cheers. 
 bought this phone in mid april soon after the walnut finish was launched. no doubt a beautiful phone and possibly one of the best androids available in the market. exactly 5 weeks after i bought this phone i found the glass cracked on the right hand corner without any apparent mechanical damage to the phone. this is being with gorilla glass 3 et all. called flipkart in the hope that they might make an exception to the 30 day rule to replace the product. no such luck. inspite of continued followups they stuck to their stand that they were no longer responsible for the product and i had to take it to the service centre. called motorola service centre. was told that not only was there no hope of covering the glass in warranty, the cost of replacement would be 13,0 -. @#$%?? imagine paying 13k for replacing the glass for a 26k product. worse was yet to come when they told me that the spare was not available with them and had no idea when it would be available. i am now the proud owner of premium motorola phone with a cracked glass and nothing to do about it. thanks flipkart. thanks motorola. 
 shocking but true!. screen replacement cost 10 k for a phone worth 23k!. i had bought moto x very excitedly about a month back. the phone did not disappoint me till it slipped from my hand from about 2 feet height and bang . the entire glass screen is shattered. the screen seems to be extremely fragile. any way it does happen. the shock came when i ventured out to replace the screen in delhi, its not available anywhere except motorola service center. on speaking to them, i was very coyly told it will cost rs 10 to replace the screen. take it or leave it. its unbelievable. i have iphone 5s as well and its screen costed me 5,0 which is 10% of the cost of phone. i guess that is acceptable price for your carelessness but 50% ?. that's crazy!! so all you moto x lovers, be warned. its a good phone, but be prepared for massive heartburn in case you happen to drop it! 
 my moto-x dropped from 3-ft, and the display is broken. they charge 10k for display replacement. this is ridiculous for 24k phone. display problems may not be common, but not rare either, considering the screen size. samsung lg charges around 5-6k for their flagship devices. i am disappointed with moto. 
 well, to begin with i am not surprised with so many negative reviews for this phone here on flipkart!! most of the people posting negative reviews here have never ever used this phone personally and are happy using their substandard micromax, lava and xolo phones with quad core mediatek processors. we indians are more into number of processors and other high end specifications without even bothering about the real life performance. on the outset it might appear that motox has only a dual core processor but dig deep and you get a real picture. it has different sets of cores for different functionalities that delivers flawless experience, thereby taking off stress from the battery. each set of processor is only activated when required. active display and touchless control gotta be the best feature of the mobile apart from motorola assist. the ui is almost stock with few minor tweeks here and there whic enhances the user experience. in last few years android phones have been all about high end specs and less emphasis on performance and google(motorola mobility is now owned by lenevo) has tried to change that trend and has succeeded in putting user experience above anything else. you might only get a 720p hd display in the time of 1020 fhd display but at 4. 7 inches you hardly notice the difference. the super amoled display is crisp and vibrant at around 320 ppi. hd display also helps in improving battery life. i have used my friend's moto x for almost 10-15 days (he got it imported from us) and i must say that it was quite a pleasing experience using the phone. the size of the phone makes it pretty easy to use and operate and the battery easy lasted me for around 18 hours with moderate to heavy usage. the only downer for me was the 10 mp camera. while the ui is pretty clean and smooth but the picture quality was just passable. nothing great about it. but once you start uing this phone for a fair amount of time you start falling in love with it and it becomes almost hard to put off and not use it anymore. for all those complaining about the price i must say that the pricing by flipkart is quite fair and aggressive too. going by the pricing in us and uk i was expecting the 16 gb variant to be priced at around 28-29k but flipkart surprised many of us. for those folks crying foul over quad core and full hd display i would suggest you to see the review on phonearena, techradar, engadget, android authority or youtube and you can see for yourself how this phone has managed to capture the imagination of some of the best reviewers around. if you are still in doubt i would recommed you to buy quad core micromax, lava, karbonn or xolo and be happy with them and flaunt them with pride. for me moto x has to be one of the best phones in the market and surely best value for money device. although i wish 32 gb option was also available. 
 i bought this phone with a lot of excitment. but the screen is so delicate that it cracked when if fell from a height of 1feet from my pocket. and the phone was only 5 days old. now apparently the warrantee is out of order. im now suppose to pay around 10 jus for the screen. i think they are selling all unsold phones from the u. s. a. im highly diappointed by the service. expected a better solution and cooperation. 
 hi readers. i was forced to change this review after i gave a thums up for this product. my first review when i got it: although priced on a higher side, this is a great mobile. i got it few days back and working fine. flipkart surprised me with delivery within a day, although i didnt opt for the next delivery option by paying rs. 90. i ordered it on a monday morning, i got the mobile next day at 1 pm. wow. you rock flipkart. if you are somebody would want to use your mobile keeping utility and performance in mind, moto x perfectly fits the bill. it is well designed, looks rock solid and performs brilliantly. final review: after using this phone for some days i observed some lines appearing in the display. initially i thought that it could be between the screen guard or may be on top of the screen. but later i understood that it is visible only when the background colour is gray (when you are in settings screen) and that the text and lines are scrolling above the lines. then i understood that there is a problem with the display panel. while i still believe the phone is good, i was unfortunate to get a bad model. i have applied for replacement of the product and they have promised me delivery after 5 days. hoping for the best. however, i request everyone to thorughly check your screen against the grey background, as this could be a manufacturing issue which could have been affecting other phones as well. reducing the rating to 2 from earlier 5. 
 moto x is one of the best mobile available at 24k. people who thinks sony xperia sp has same specs & processor as moto x,plz do ur research then comment. sony xperia sp has snapdragon msm8960t processor-1. 7ghz dula core processor with first gen adreno 320 gpu, 1gb ram but moto x has snapdragon msm8960dtprocessor-1. 7ghz dula core processor with 3rd gen quad core adreno 320 gpu+ a dedicated language processor and a computing processor which means total 4processors+4gpu processor are there in moto x + 2gb ram. not to mention it has corning gorilla glass 3 and water proof coating that is really amazing. to improve ur camera performance: enable auto foucs tap to focus option in the settings which is by default disable. not mentioning other features mentioned by other users :p hopefully my review is helpful :) 
 i bought this phone because i believed that motorola was offering a phone with amazing features for a fairly decent price. it is a great phone in terms of specs and in terms of easy to use. i thoroughly enjoyed the 3 weeks i had with this phone in perfect condition. but the moto x has zero durability. it fell from my hand on to the ground (a 3 feet drop at most) and the display completely shattered! while it still works, it feels like i'm texting on sand. also, the motorola centre in bangalore said they were going to charge fourteen thousand rupees for it to be fixed. they said this was customer abuse, let me tell you one thing - people drop phones, it happens all the time, your product shouldn't be so fragile that it breaks from one fall. it's not like i threw it from the top of a building or i used a hammer on it! i'm a lawyer, so don't use technicalities on me! for that kind of money i can buy a new phone, why on earth should i invest more money into this phone?! this was a poor choice on my part and i just wish to warn anyone who is planning to buy this product. i have had nokia phones throughout and those phones have taken far more abuse and i have never had such serious problems with them. when i get the chance, i will move back to nokia. i had faith in motorola, but now my trust in the company is as shattered as the display of my phone! update: i spent one entire week trying to get people at motorola to listen to me, but nothing came out of it! their customer service is as poor as their product! 
